1
COURTIER
. PUBLICATION OF THE UNITED NATIONS EDUCATIONAL, SCIENTIFIC AND CULTURAL ORGANIZATION
Volume1 .-No. 6. Price: 10 Cents (U.S .), 6 Penoe (U.K .), or 20 Francs. JULY
International Theatre Institute
F', In: :s,:t "it"u, t;e', ">d,, ;""c,.. -,--""P'"'.-
Formed in Prague
": :, !-.., ;":'- -". ',.. -.' >: :- : "'J"'-[i' ;:
LEFT : Famed"Artists House",
Prague, site of I. T.I . Congress. <.'PARIS NAMED AS
BELOW: From left to right,
Prof. Jean Thomas, M.B .
FIRST HEADQUARTERS
Jedlicka, Dr. J. Huxley and
B. J. . Priestley (speaking).
`VORLD-RENOWNED theatse personalities from twenty countries
V {f attended the First Congresso f the International Theatre Insti-
tute at the Artists House in Prague, June 28-July 3, and to-
gether fashioned a concrete programme to direct their art toward)
the cause.o f a stronger and richer peace. The meeting was the suo-
........-
cess1Ulc ulmination 01 over two
year's preparations for streng- ment for the facilities which had
thening the bonds between thea- beenp ut at the delegates'disposaL
tre people in all parts of the
world. Huxley Stresses Institute
More than a hundred delega- Independence
tes, observers and spectators ac-
Before an audience which in-
tended the opening sessiono f the
cluded the Czech Minister of
Congress.M r. Jindrich Honzl. Di-
Foreigh Affairs, Mr. Vado Cle-
rector of the National Theatre
mentis, and Mr. Zdenek Nejedly,
in Prague, delivered the inaugu-
Czech Minister of Education,
Educators Study ral addll'ess and was followed
Dr. Huxley stressedt hat although
by Dr. Julian Huxley, Director- Unescoh ad worked to help create
School Reforms General of Unesco, J.B . Priestley,
the new organization, the Insti-
noted British playwrigh : and
tute would be an indepenhent
The Eleventh International Con- Chairman of ttle Provisional
organization
ference on Public Education, Executive Committee of the Insti-
He declared that the I. T. I,a nd
bringing together prominent edu- tute, concluded the ceremony oy Unesco would probably draw up
cators from forty-six nations, was thanking Unesco for its help in a formal agreement for close
held at the Palais Wilson in making possible the Congress cooperation and-with the appro-
Geneva, June 28-July 3, and was and'the Czechoslovak Govern- val of the Third Sessiono f Unes-
sponsored jointly by Unesco and
co's General Conference-Unesco
the International Bureau of Edu-
cation. might lend financial assistance
Nearly one hundred delegates U. S. Educational to the Institute during its first
crucial year. But he pointed out
were present at the meetings to that the Institute woula be an
Aid Exceeds
hear detailed reports on education-
"independant, autonomous inter-
al developments throughout the national body".
world during 1947-48T. he role of Eighty Million Dollars Seated on the flower-bedecked
school psychologists,t he teaching United States voluntary agen- stage of the Grand Auditorium of
of writing and teaching regarding cies will spend over eighty mil- the Artists House were Professor
cth iae l izU en di Ate gd e cN iea sti o wn es r ea an ld s oi sts tu dS ip ee d- . Museum Directors 6ather l ti io on n ald o inlla sr tis tu o tin o nh se l ip n f 2o 1r we ad ru -dc ea -- J Ge ea nn e rT ah l om ofa s, U A ns es sis ct oa ,n t B D ei nre jac mto ir n-
The Chairman of the Confer- vastated countries during 1948, Jedlicka of the Czech Ministry
ence lWas M. Marcel Abraham, of Foreign Affairs, Dr. Huxley
according to a report from the
French Inspector-General, who is Commission for International and Mr. Maurice Kurtz, Head of
in charge of the Service for Cul- At First World Conference Educational Reconstruction in Theatre Affairs at Unesco who
tural and University Relations handled much of the preparatory
Washington.
with foreign countries, was also work for the Institute.
head of his country's four-man Museum directors from nearly Under the Presidencyo f Chaun- During 1947,t he report added,
delegation. The three Vice-chair- thirty nations met in Paris for cey J. Hamlin, President of the similar U.S . aid topped eighty- A Force for Peace
men were M. Georges Alexits, the First International Confe- International Council of Mu- eight million dollars compared
rence on Museums, held from seums, the Conference studied with approximately sixty-two mil- Mr. Priestley in shpiSe ech
Secretary of State for Public Edu-
cation in Hungary, Mr. Galen June 28 through July 3. More problems of scientific research, lion raised in 1946. pointed out that there existed a
than a hundred delegates from the training of museum person- United Nations fund for children
Jones, Director of the Secondary all parts of the world attended nel, restoration of paintings and and that he hoped the United Na-
(Continued on Page 6.) the six-day meetings. other works of art, museums for Help to School. tions and Unesco would ensure
popular education, and techni- The C.I . ER. .'s report to Unesco that the Lot. !.,a very new infant,
ques and materials for museum was drawn from statements from would also not starve.
exhibitions. some 400n ational voluntary agen- Any international organization
CHILD EXPERTS MEET This was the first conference cies. A further 115a genciesw hich crossing frontiers was at least
since the war in most fields of reported the year before were so one thread in the fabric of a
far unable to total their funds world society.T he attempt to link
museum activity, and the first
AT PESTALOZZI VILLAGE international museum conference raised."It may therefore be as- theatres together and to ensure
- including all fields of museum sumed,"the Commissionr eported, that people enjoyed the best of
Problems of war-handicapped tions. It drew up plans for an work-ever held. Results of the "that American voluntary efforts the world's è' !"amas howed a mo-
children were under study early international cordinatmg com- Conference are expected to have this year are at least keeping vement towards international un-
. this month at a Conference of mittee which will assist in rais- wide influence, especially in de- pace with and are probably sur- derstanding.
educators and psychologistsf rom ing funds, organizing joint pur- veloping the educational value of passing those of 1947." The particular nature of the
lan nin de . na Tt hio en s win e eT kr -o log ne gn , mSw eeit tz ine gr- , chases, and arranging exchanges museums and in advancing tech- Almost the whole of the total Theatre. Mr. Priestley continued,
of staff and children, and the niques in teaching with objects. has been or will be spent on edu- compelled those concernedw ith it
w , gf aair ats Ts t te t e h n ss ed .o p ef o m dn *i est s mbo yr bek edi sn b r o sd y m , iU nes cn in le t uwc s de ec i no nt gh a tv e n d dd iw rw e ea la cer s -, - ol t" l ii a g fn T g a et he e t de er s un d. ca s att e hi to ic e on o na n c pl d ois r n oi cn t vo eg im dn"o etm f da i ns ins d i to hmt nh e ee in vt h iv lo lev adsi -- s- U minn t eT oe th se afc i tvo eH tC h o ewo u n os Ef ree k c,r i oa ne ln gn ed c d se t uh e e c Lo n ti op o s ue ne vn sp re ewad ,hr ' aa ti hctt e h ed mlFc iea o if lt o l i io od an n, c ca c oll o o ft um h thnia n etet g e d 1 r a 9fia on 4l rd 7s f io l gea t ushn rse ed r t h abs a nae n dsr v wic fic i e r ve e re es -. ct to hre ed t aee t (l rya Ce l , o a w nn p ti d e it nh o uI pn eh lt e diu m cm oa o na t ue n l Pl d y a .b gle eF ei an r o 6rg nm .s ) c hto ohn we-
tors of children's villages, exchang- ges and means of re-integrating Musée de 1'Homme. the Musée s teu ap cp hli ee rd g rs oo ule pl sy . to schools and
:b eeostj viemwesth aondds exopf erireen-icnetesgo rna ttihneg c eh ni tl ad ir le en
d
si tn ut do
i
en so or fm sa ol cil aife
l
a. nT dh ne as -e nP ae ld ea g ao ng di q Pue a, lB
a i
s; b dlio et h lè aq u DeN ea ct oio u-
- Countries receiving the aid in-
) ( Reconstruction Prob-
child victims of the war into tional problems, provision of fos- verte during subsequents essions. cluded Austria, Belgium, Bulga- lems of S. E. Asia.
nEoarcmha l ldifeel.egate presented a re- lt oe gr icfa am l ilie as n, d t he p v sa yclu he o to hf e p ras py ec uh to ic- weA rm e"o An g Pth he il op sr oin pc hip y a ol f a Mdd ur se es us mes r mia a, rkC , h Fi in na la, nC d,z e Fc rh ao ns cl eo ,v Gak ei ra m,D ae nn y- , X IP ma pg oe r ta2 n. t Statement
treatment and the selection of Greece, Holland, Hungary, Indo-
port of his experiences in this children. Education,"by Dr. Charles Rus- nesia, Italy, Japan, Korea, Luxem- on World'Tensions'.
field, and the combined reports sell (USA),"Children's Museums"
w ofi ll wafo rr -m ha nt dh ie c apb pa esi ds y'o of u & th ts ot u bd ey theT h se it eC oo f n tf he ere In nc tee r nw aa ts io nh ae ll d P ea st - ab ny dM "Mis os b M ilea rga Mre ut sB er ua myt so "n b y( US MA r.) lb ao nu dr g a, n dN Yor uw ga oy s, l aP vh iail .ippines, Po- ) ( P Ha yg lee a n3 . Amazon Insti-
prepared by Unesco. talozzi Village for war orphans M. L. Ashton (United Kingdom). Many contributions were made
(see Vol. 1, No. 4 of the Courier The delegates also heard reports by American individuals and in- tute. Center Page.
cs oeT msh s me io in ss sc a io onn ndf se .r m e Ten hec ee t in h fg ire s sl d u t nd sg e te urn dte w iera o dl vf fo oilr ula na g d e em ) d.o ir nTe h c 1eo 9 m 4P 6p e t l oe s tt ae cal s o rt z eo z r fy i o V ro in l cla ht gh ile de , Swby ch io eM n. ts ifpE icod ko Reu e a sor ed f" a MM rcui hc s "h e ine u l m t( s hF er a fn ia ec n le dd) pvs it ocit reu tist ni o o gn f ts ot h w e th it enh ao Ctu i oot mnau mls ii a sn sgg ie ot n nh c .e T ie hss er e e sr e-- X IM nfid lud ele n cesE . as Pt agC eu 7ltu .ral
the material organization of chil- victims of the war, has been one of art, and by M. A. Leroi-Gou- contributions have totalled about ) ( U. N. Radio Calling
dren's villages, problems of staf- of the most successfuls uch exper-
eight million in value annually Peoples of World. P. 8.
fing, financing and public rela- iments. (Cuntinued on, Pag3e. ) since 1946.

UNESCO COURIER Volume I.-No. 6
BH UXLXELYE r
Technical Needs Workers 'Reconstruction Problems
VISITS
CENTRAL in Southeast Asia
Report on Findings
cou[E ntd rii eto sr 's thn roo ute g : h ouU tn es tc ho e fie wld o rw ldo rke dr us r ih na gv te h e pastb een mvi os niti tn hg s ts oe ve on bt te ae inn EUROPE By Mary TREVELYAN
first-hand, derailed information of the position of press, radio and WTHEN Occidentals ta ! k of the ed, while Jesselton, the new
film for the Technical Needs'Commission. Philippe Soupaull, promi- Dr. Julian Huxley, Director-Ge- "war-devastated countries, most capital and the only other town
nent French author who has also edited a daily newspa, per and run neral, undertook during June a of them think automatically of in North Borneo, lost 90% of its
a radio station, tells in the following notes something of his impres- three-week official tour of five Europe, some extend their buildings. Manila, once a fine
ions after surveying five Caribbean countries for UneSCo. ] central and eastern European thinking to China, but few im- modern city, now lies in ruins ;
countries to meet with govern- mediately think in terms which huge girders hang from stone
ment leaders and to develop clo- include South East Asia. The buildings, streets are still scarred
GGLAD I thtoin km etheat t ydoeus c!"ribes the ser co-operation between Unesco problems of Europe are so great with battle, the fine University
Indian... Pakistan... and the countries. The visit in- and so urgent and are so con- of the Philippines and many
r C ve ie sc ine tetp r dati o l n o nA I m me ig sro i sct ia on ni n ac sth o e u a n trv Uia e nr s ei o su cs oI adA vl ie sexa r n td oe r t heS h ga ow ve, rnf mor em ne t r of fil Im n- c trl iu ad , ed P oY lau ng do sla av ni da , CH zu en cg ha or sy lo, vaA ku ias- . s dt ia ffn ict uly lt in to o reu mr em mi bn ed rs thth ea t e quit a lli ys o nt eh ve er r c bo ell eg ree bs u ii ln t t oh ne tc hit ey i r m oa ldy
The Director-General was able great problems of countries so sites.
investigator. Now that the initials dia and producer of several Bri-
UNESCO have become a known tish documentaries, surveyed to acquaint himself with the me- remote from us geographically. The toll of the destruction of
Technical Needs in Pakistan and thods of teaching and research But Unesco, an international school buildings in South East
By India for Unesco. The following favoured in those countries and to organization, is interested in all Asia is enormous. The almost
are some of his impressions of note the work being done to safe- war-devastated countries, whether total loss of school equipment
Philippe SOUPAULT conditions in those countries : guard the heritage of folk art and in the West or the East and, as and school supplies is common to
Unesco Field Worker folklore and to preserve nature. soon as it was feasible, a survey every country, with no exception.
There seems to be an enormous In those countries already having visit was arranged to five war- The loss of books alone is a
potential for films in both cities National Commissions, these were devastated countries in the Far catastrophic blow to education.
name, they have acquired a kind II and rural areas in Pakistan. invited to special meetings where East. In fact the story of educational
of magic power. Many films shown are of an Dr. Huxley was able to ease their The five countries surveyed losses in South East Asia is the
I spoke the word as an"open : informational and feature na- work in the early stages by spea- were Burma, Malaya, Sarawak, story of Europe all over again.
Sesame"before the many doors ture. The dances and songs of king to them in detail of the North Borneo and the Philip- Such science teaching as there
o dn o orsw h wic eh re oI pek nn eo dc .ked-and the I pn rd oi ma, i new nit th ly al il n the mir o sc t ol fo ilu mr s, . fig Tu hre e t ta hs ek s b eto st b me e ta hc oc do sm p tolis h be ed ua sn ed d o inf p min oe ns th. s,T h fe ro mto u Nr ot vo eo mk bee rx a 6c tt hly 19si 4x 7 iw s as n, o ta n yd e t th fe a r te aa dc vh ain ng ce do f ins c ti he en sc ee
Government made a formal re- the light of experience elsewhere. to May 6th 1948. More than countries, is now almost at a
Carrying a thick questionnaire, standstill for want of any equip-
I called on ministries, on trade quest. that a Unesco-trained do- On other occasions, contact was 30,0 00 miles were covered, a great ment.
unions and statistical bureaux. In c ku ism tae nn ta tr oy te rax ip ne rt ab e d s oe cn ut m eto n taP ra y- m sea nd te a tivw ei sth m ofo st the em ine inn tet ller ce tup are l- m 5,0a 0n 0y by b ry o ad a air n, d 5a 0p 0p r bo yx im riva ete r.ly But although t) te comparison
asking them my hundreds of unit there, for only now is the world who will furnish the nucleas All the countries visited, with of looses produces very similar
q tc heu ere it rs a t ii no
p
n as a r, tm I o au snh ta thd o
e
f
y
t o u rn eo e av a lie s zr i enc do e m ss te
h
eo yna f fi ors rmt ed.newsreel company being o Df
r .
fu Htu ur xe
le y
Na toti oo kn al
t
heC o om ppm oi rs tusi no in tys Sth ue
s
tae inx ec de pt aio n
v
ero yf gM rea ala
t
ya d, eah
l
av oe
f
Wpic et su tr ,e s
t
hei rn
e
t ah re
e
sE oa mst
e
aa sn sd
e
tst h ine
were being requested an amount India, on the other hand, is the also to recruit willing aid and material damage to school build- eastern countries which help
of research and compilation of in- second film-producing country in expert ability in making effective ings. Malaya has been fortunate them greatly in rebuilding edu-
formation which was often con- the world. The three centres of the Unesco programme, and to in that respect, but has had a cation. All these countrs have
siderable. the industry are in Bombay, Ma- encourage certain countries to full share of damage due to de- a warm climate and perhaps the
dras and Calcutta where no fewer ratify their membership in Unes- terioration during the war. Many people concerned in reconstruc-
I had sometimes to argue and than some 400 companies are co in final form. ancient and historic cities in tion hardly realize how great is
to stress the importance to Unes- located. Wherever he went, the Direc- Burma have been razed to the their good fortune. War strain,
co's Mass Communications pro- Indian film production is in tor-General was received with the ground. All the small villages up however severe, is easier to re-
gramme of knowing the number the neighbourhood of 250 feature- utmost warmth and was able to and down the coast of Sarawak cover from in a lWarm and
of newspapers in existence, the films yearly, and their average measure the goodwill and en- were totally wrecked by bombing. relaxing climate, and this is par-
size of their editions, the range length is nearly twice that of thusiasm with Wl1lcn Unesco's Sandakan, the old capital of ticularly so with children. Child-
of broadcasting transmitters or Hollywood films. Although tech- work is welcomed. North Borneo, was 100% destroy- ren's clothing is not a problem.
the status of the educational film. nical and photographic standards European mothers search des-
are nearly as high as anywhere perately for clothing to keep
But all the people I consulted in the world, there is little effort their children and themselves
were extremely interested in the to produce compJicated plots-due warm during the winter weather.
results I had obtained. My com- probably to the fact that 86 % Schools often have to close for
monest reward was to hear, of the population (340 million) is several months because the child-
mixed with advice and explana- illiterate. ren have not sufficient clothing
tions, this kind of remark : Some two thousand cinemas and the schools have no heating.
"You know, this information ls serve the population, showing In the Far East there are no
such problems and the children
r s be o ea r ftl ol sy r e o fu bs epe eof niu n l t. cs l eIt w a rh eib dcr h in ug phs .a ", veo u nt eva el rl o a tin sn hl dy ota h rn e s Aeo m c ec fe ra iw cs ai o nn a .a rel fo ur se uig an lly fi Blm ri, - ow fe a cr l, o thif i nga .nything, the minimum
In all the countries visited
To my mind. the value of the
there has always been, through-
investigation I undertook in the out the war, some kind of food
countries of Central America lies Italy... Hungary... for the children ; not always
not only in the results obtained,
Picrrè Artigue, Belgian foreign enough and not always the right
nor in the quality of the answers
to questionnaires and in the vari- mco er nre tas tp oo r,n de can rt rieda n od u t r ta hd ei o surc vo em ys- k ni en vd e r of k nofo wo nd . rb eu at l t sh te ay r vath ioa nv .e
ous complementary notes accom-
in Italy and Hungary this year Largely due to these two bles-
panying them. for Unesco. Here in brief are sings, a warm climate and food.
It is to be found also, I think, some of his observations made there is no real problem of"war-
in the person of the investigator, after his return to Paris. handicapped children"as it 18
called in Europe. When the great
which proves to governments, ins- An outstanding impression ês cities were bombed, mothers were
titutions of all kinds and to in- that both Italy and Hungary are able to run with their children
individuals that, despite the
making a great effort to revive into the jungle or surrounding
thousands of miles which lie be- and expand their mass communi- This destroyed university is am examp ! e ef the heavy country-side and live there.
tween them and the Avenue Kle- cation systems. destruction suffered In the Philippine Islands during. primitively, but indefinitely. And
ber in Paris, Unesco takes an in- Italy is seriously hampered by the war. the fact that they never endured
terest in them, in their work, m
a shortage of trained personnel hunger over a long period 18
their needs, and in what they
and printing equipment, although shown by the comparatively,
have achieved.
radio networks have attained good health of the children.
rehabilitation of their services. An
theT he p eim opp lere ss I ion q uI e sg tio ot n ew da s wth ea ret the Inir Hpr ue n- gw aa rr y le nv ee al. rly nine-tenths Canadian Campaign a bd ed ei nti o on ra dl e cee dig h at ne de n w ilr le a bd ee r as lloh ca av te - dM ua en y to o mf ath lne um tr itih oa nv , e bsk ui tn vd ei rs ye a fes wes
g inla gd Uto n es se ce o th wa et reth e c on na ct eio rnn es d fo wrm ith- do ef sa trl ol yb er do ad dc ua rs inti gn g te hq eu ip wm ae rn . t Yw ee t A Fo car mpaS igc nh ool b y H the el p' Cana- ed C t oo u no tt rh iee sr l ii nb ra wri he is c h sh to hr et ly r. eceiv- oh ra ve h avb ee e rn ic kc er ti sp p ale nd d otb hy e r b do ism eb ai sn es *
the special problems of countries, because of the lack of schools, dian Council for Reconstruction through starvation.
ing libraries are located include
in some cases far away in space lessons are broadcast by radio through Unesco and the Cana- Austria, Belgium, China, Czecho- And thirdly, all these countries
and time alike, from the main throughout large parts of the dian Appeal for Children has slovakia, France, Greece, Hun- have Moot !, an invaluable gift.
international current. country. raised a million dollars which gary, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, In Burma, for instance, almoat
I should like to thank all the Hungary has produced the will be spent to help restore edu- Philippines and Poland. The in- all the temporary schools are
friends I met as an investigator, world's lightest typewriter (barely cational facilities and standards struments, useful to libraries in built of bamboo. Evert the fur-
who answered my questions with six pounds) made of aluminium. in countries which suffered most areas where books are in short niture in some of the very poor
such care and interest as only the The machine is inexpensive and, heavily during the war. supply, were bought by Unesco in schools is made of bamboo.
published report will fully de- tooling now completed, it will be Allocations of the fund, which Paris as part of its reconstruction Everywhere there are temporary
monstrate. placed on sale this fall. was collected by some seventy programme. school bUildings,"mat sheds"aa
voluntary agencies in a nation- they are called. They will not
wide campaign, include : last long, not more than three to
Scouts Join TICER
to elementary and secondary five years and they cost five
school supplies-$300, 000; The Boy Scouts International times more to erect than they
Bureau has joined the Temporary
ftllowships for key personnel would have before the war. But
to follow 6-month study courses International Council for Educa- at least they provide temporary
in Canada-$182, 000; tional Reconstruction (TICER) shelter from the sun and moat
to university supplies, including and, through the efforts of its of them even keep out the
books and scientific equipment- nearly five million members, will tropical rains.
$1500, 00; greatly strengthen the Council's
for book projects, including a work in war-devastated regions. The greatest problem of re-
book exchange scheme to collect The TICER, an association of construction of all five countries
and send overseas half a million 26 international voluntary agen- is the problem of teachers. In
volumes-$66. 750; cies engaged in educational re- each country the position was
found to be serious, in some the
to art supplies, food and cloth- construction, works in co-opera-
ing for needy artists-$46, 250; tion with Unesco and has head- solution is hard to see.
to assist Unesco's educational quarters at Unesco House in Paris. In every country visited Unesco
reconstruction programme in Eu Council members represent over received the warmest welcome.
rope and Asia-$25, 000. 700 national organizations in South East Asia has suffered
more than 60 countries. greatly in the war but is making
Microfilm Readers Since early 1944, the Boy Scout sallant efforts towards recons-
movement has conducted relief truction with, so far, little help
To Twelve Countries work in seven devastated Euro- from outside. They greatly need
Libraries and universities In pean countries, including organiz- practical help and encouragement
Unesco House serves as a clearing house for much reconstruction ma- twelve war-wrecked countries have ation of child refugee centres and and deserve every appreciation or
terials. Above shows the departure of a shipment of books for war- been allocated thirty microfilm aiding youth education program- what hthaevye already Mcom-
emptied libraries. readers by Unesco to assist the mes in displaced persons'camps. pllthed.

Yòlu. me I.-No. 6 UNESCO COURIER .
John Rickman, distinguished AS A PSYCH IA TRIST
British psychiatrist, was one of
Social Scientists Issue Joint
eight experts who met ear ! !/
this months at Unesco House to SAW TIT
arrive at a common statement
) 1 the basic causes for interna- J
Statement on World Tensions tional tensions. In this article
Dr. Rickman tells something oaf
the meeting and of the state-
have been rather to dismay anu ment prepared by the experts. A Report
At the end of June, Unesco brought to Paris eight ; ;e minent disquiet the civilized world than
social scientists to consider the causes of nationalistic aggression to reduce its tensions. The scien-
and the conditions necessary for international understanding. tists whose research has been
The following statement, signed by each of them, presents the used in the development of atom-
opinions on which all could agree. Its significance lies in the ic and biological warfare are On Tensions Meeting
fact that a series of important propositions on : he causes of not themselves responsible for
international tensions have been formulated and agreed to by launching a curse upon the
social scientists widely differing in their ideological allegiances. world. The situation reflects the IMAcGouINnEtri es eaignhdt beexlpoenrgtisn,g mtoo std ifofef rethnet m.b rapnrocfheesss oorsf , lefarornmin g, difsfeerveenrta ;l
The following men signed the statement : forces now determining the uses of whom had not met before, though some knew each other well :
Gordon W. Allport, Professor of Psychology, Harvard University ; to which sciences can be put. Would you not think that everything was set for a slow-moving and
Guuerto Freyre, Honorary Professor of Sociology, University of While other factors are concern- "sticky"conference ? The organizers of it started with an experiment
Bah ! a, Brazil, Professor at the Institute of Sociology, University ed, we hold that the chances for - as soon as we sat down at our table each was asked to give an
of Buenos Aires, Argentina ; Georges GurvÍfch, Professor of So- a constructive use of the poten- account of himself (not what was on the Academic Records, but what
ciology, University of Strasbourg, France. Administrator of the tialities of scientific and techno- we had done with life). *
Sociological Study Centre, Paris ; Max Horkheimer, Director of logical developments will improve Four of the eight of US had
the Institute of Social Research, New York City ; Arne Naess, if and when man takes the been in prison, two had to leave ways of thinking and in social
Professor of Philosophy, University of Oslo, Norway ; John Rick- responsibility for understanding their country, and two had been organization are essential.
man, M. D., Editor,"British Journal of Medical Psychology" ; the forces which work upon him tortured by the Nazis. This show- We must also so plan and ar-
Harry Stack Sullivan, M. D., Chairman, Council of Fellows, and society both from within and ed a bit of what life had done range the use of modern pro-
Washington School of Psychiatry, USA, Editor,"psychiatry : from without. to us : and these incidents helped ductive power and resources that
Journal for the Operational Statement of Inlerpersonal Rela- to make this matter of tensions there will be maximum, social
tions' ; Alexander Szalai, Professor of Sociology, Unrversity of Real Hope Remains a real one to us. Incidently we justice.
Budapest, Hungary, President, Hungarian Institute of Foreign (L) In this task of acquiring felt after only an hour or so Modern wars between nations
Affairs. self-knowledge and social insight. that we knew a great deal about and groups of nations are foster-
the social sciences-the sciences each other and that there was ed by many of the myths, tradi-
of Man-have a vital part to much that it was worth tolerat- tions and symbols of national
ing world. Education in all its
A.. 4 AN has now reached a forms must oppose national self- play. One hopeful sign to-day Is ing each other for. pride handed down from one
t fs h ota e r g e c w a auh rs .e e sc Toa hfn ei n te s nth mu si ds i eoy en h ts isi ns c gt tio e hr n ay t t O i fi Iw c mah tal he ly k ir see ar pi bg linoh eute dt o u a as sn sce ers i sts i sc maa l e n nd t oas fnt r d oiv ue r s ot eo wlf - ndb ir s ain c ng i d- rt bh ie re es a d kb ie neg gtr w e ee de ont wo nt w h ieh nsi c eh th es th c fe aie cn eb c o e ou s fn d a tha r ee- d ar PaS w Uo im Ung e ! us r .p o ;o o }.k m e J, l èq o :u n i e te . t ;l o .y ,f - ua ss ai sf ifin ona Boyge Pn ae rr ea ntio tsn at no d an to e u\.t Ua h c J.e Jh .r l.e. v r l.s fin lid V Je.it o-
little group is itself symptomatic, other forms of social life. c tho em mm . on T he ch sa oll ce in ag l e sciec no tn isfr to ntin cag n f oo vr em r- he th e le ta an be led , John RICKMAN, M. D. cc teoo ngg tnn iizzee to tthh wee hicee hxx--
r tie mp ere se thn eti ng p eoa ps le it ofd o me as nyth e laf nir ds st , mass Media Strong Ally help make clear to people of all his arms swing- Editor,"British Journal of their own atti-
(F) The development of mo- nations that the freedom and ing in trugeon Medical Psychology" tudes and loyal-
t zh ar to iou ng h oa f n ti hn ete irr nat oio wn na l cro er ag tia on ni ,- dern means of swift and wide welfare of one are ultimately strokes as he ties-often ac-
have asked social scientists to range communication is poten- bound up with the freedom and propeuea upon quired when
tially a great aid to world soli- welfare of all, that the world us his appeals that we think ney were young anQ wnen even-
ta hp ep ly m ath joe ri r pk rn oo bw lel med sg e o f to o us ro m tie m eo .f darity. Yet this development also need not continue to be a place of ourselves as Workers-yes, but ditions were different-are no
increases the danger that distor- where men must either kill or we liked him, shouting or silent, longer adequate to serve as effect-
Although we differ in the em- tions of truth will reach a great be killed. Effort in behalf of he was so friendly and sincere. ive guides to action in a chang-
phases we would give to various many people who are not in a one's own group can become We were a mixed lot but we ing world.
vp ia er wts s o af s o tu or its st a cte om me pn ret ha en nd s ivi en n eo su sr position to discriminate true from compatible with effort in behalf each felt the others to be of The development of modern
and implementation, no one OI false, or to perceive that they are of humanity. worth as individuals, and I think means of swift and wide range
us would deny the importance of being beguiled and misled. It this helped us to see more deeply communication is potentially a
an Wy ep ar at go ref ei t. to the following om f ust U . b Ne . a o rgsp ae nc izia al t ior ne ss pon tos ibil uit ty i- i an tt o t hie na gc sh . other's way of looking tg hr ie sa t da ei vd e loto p mw eo nr tl d as lo sl oid ar init cy r. eaY se et s
lize these means of mass com- We then each made a state- the danger that distortions of
twelve paragraphs :
munication to encourage an ment about our views and plans truth will reach a great many
War not Necessary adequate understanding of the for research, and questioned each people who are not in a position
(A) To the best of our know- people in other countries. This other about them. Then we to discriminate true from false,
must always be a two-way traf- parted for a long week-end to or to perceive that they are being
l de id cag te e, th the are t is w an ro s e av rid ee n nc ee c eto s sain r- y fic. It will aid the cause of peace write our 5,0 00 word statements beguiled and misled.
if 1IIQ, tionsa re enabled to see which are to come out as a book.
and inevitable consequences of The physical and biological
themselves as others see them. Now few things are so dull as 8
"human nature"as such. While sciences in recent years have
(G) The prospect of a contin-' statements by experts. The reader
men vary greatly in their capa- uing inferior status is essen-I is dragged over the ground 8 provided impressive demonstra-
cities and temperaments, we tions of the effect of research.
believe there are vital needs t oia f lly p eou pn lea .c c Fe op rt ab tl he i s to aa nn dy g or to hu ep r s de rep aa dra fute l. ti Wme es , ai rt e's trn ye ina grl y toa lw ga ivy es Some of the practical results
common to all men which must have been rather to dismay and
reasons, neither colonial exploi- that book some of the lively
be fulfilled in order to establish tation nor oppression of minori- cross currents that occurred in disquiet the civilized world than
and maintain peace : men every- ties within a nation is in the long our discussions ; this is the se- to reduce its tensions. The
where want to be free from scientists whose research has
hunger and disease, from inse- Aru sn sc oo cm iap l at sib cl ie e ntw isi tt sh ww eo rl kd n op we ac oe f. c co on nd fe rete nc ch en . ica Al n yi nn co ov na trt ii bo un t oro f co au nr been used in the development of
curity and fear ; men everywhere no evidence that any ethnic put in notes as often as he likes' atomic and biological warfare
w ofa n tt h ef ie r llo fw es llh oi wp m ea nn d ; tt hh ee r ce ns ap ne cc et group is inherently inferior. Model of a mobile museums and say what he likes about the fa or re lan uo nt c hinth ge m ase l cv ue rs s e re us pp oo nn 'hsi eb : e
f loo pr (m Be )p ne tr T.s ho en al p rog bro lew mth ofa n pd e acd ee ve is- s c bt i yau ( ldH ny) ai s n tc ig oiM e nna attn lih ,sy e t ss i des e o a opc re lri oa o gl b s il ce ts i almc l l i e sn . s a t e nis B p dt au s rt c a lata s e sr o de &- fb or ro u tg hh et reto c eP nta r Mis usfr eo um m s th Ce o nU g. r S e. sA s. . sao tit obt ah nl tee e e r m d's ,e to ns b tt ua tt e g wm e hit t ee h n ot wuas t w o ; n an 'y to b- eo bin ew ne git ahw l loi qll wu h e eb i s dse - w tf ooo rcr wl ed hs. icnT ho h we s cds iei et nu t cea ert mi o cin n a i nn gre bf ele t hc pet us t.ut sh ee s
the problem of keeping group differences. These differences to answer his challenger. While other factors are con-
and national tensions and aggres- have made it difficult for social Museums Our opinions range from West cerned, we hold that the chances
sions within manageable propor- scientists to resist effectively the to East and differ a great deal, for a constructive use of the
tions and of directing them to emergence of pseudo-scientific (Continued from Page 1.) but we have quite a bit in com- potentialities of scientific and
ends that are at the same time theories which have been exploit- rhan (France) who spoke on the mon, so much so that despite technological developments will
personally and socially construc- ed by political leaders for their same subject in the field of ar- ideological differences, which improve if and when man takes
tive, so that man will no longer own ends. cheology. were hot and strong, we signed a the responsibility for understand-
seek to exploit man. This goal (I) Objectivity in the social M. F. Gysin (Switzerland) common statement. ing the forces which work upon
cannot be achieved by surface sciences is impossible to achieve spoke of the training of scien- Here is an abstract : see if him and society from within and
reforms or isolated efforts. Fun- whenever economic or political tific and technical personnel of you from your experience have from without.
damental changes in social forces induce the investigator to Museums and M. T. Rcusseau much to add on broad principle It is a task of self-knowledge
organization and in our ways of accept narrow, partisan views. (USA) reported on developments to the joint opinion of a Pro- and social insight, the social
thinking are essential. There is urgent need for a con- in the field of the restoration of fessor of Psychology (I'm taking sciences-the sciences of Man
Insecurity Fosters Conflict centrated adequately, financed art works. Other reports cover- them in alphabetical order of - have a vital part to play. The
international research and edu- ed such subjects as"Open-Air their last names), of Sociology- social scientist can help make
of (C ag) gI rf e sw sie o na r te h at to lea avo di sd toth e a rk min ed d cational programme. M wau ys )e ,"u Mm us s" e um(M s . Kje al nlb de rg, H istN oro icr- It nw so ti tuo tef th oe fs e S-a o cialD ir Rec et so er arco hf , an a c thle ea r f rt eo e dp oe mop le a no df a wll e ln faa rt eio n os f th oa nt e
conflict, we must among other Research Necessary Monuments" (Professor Maiuri, Professor of Philosophy, two P&Y- are ultimately bound up with the
things, so plan and arrange the Italy and Dr. Lorentz, Poland) chiatrists, and another Professor freedom and welfare of all, that
use of modern productive puwer (J) We recommend, for exam- and the"Creation of a Museo- of Sociology. Here, as I said, are the world need not continue to
and resources that there will be ple, the co-operation of social graphic Documentation Centre" some abstracts. be a place where men must
maximum social justice. Econo- scientists on broad regional and (M. J. Cain, France). The problem of peace is the either kill or be killed, and that
mic inequalities, insecurities and international levels, the creation Dr. Grace McCann Morley. problem of keeping group and effort in behalf of one's own
frustrations create group and na- of an international university head of the Museum Section of national aggressions within man- group can become compatible
tional conflicts. All this is an and a series of world institutes Unesco and formerly Director of ageable proportions and of with effort for humanity. And so
important source of tensions of the social sciences under inter- the San Francisco (USA) Mu- directing them to ends that are it goes on...
which have often wrongly led national auspices. We believe seum of Art, represented Unesco at the same time personnally and But you will want to know the
one group to see another group that international scientific fact- at the Conference and reported socially constructive, so man will Action Paragraphs-what we pro-
as a menace through the accep- finding studies could contrlbute on the work of the organization no longer seek to exploit man.
tance of false images and over- useful information concerning the in this field. Fundamental changes in our pose should be done. These, with
simplified solutions and by mak- cultures of all nations and bring The International Council of the reasons why each one was
ing people susceptible to the to light dangerous insecurities Museums, which sponsored the put forward (without the reasons
scapegoating appeals of dema- and sources of tension, as well as Conference, was formed in Paris they carry little weight) will ap-
gogues. legitimate aspirations of people in November, 1946. It held an Afghanistan Becomes pear in that book.
(D) Modern wars between na- all over the world. Equally cer- interim conference in Mexico, Latest Member State Now, that first statement in my
tions and groups of nations are tain to be rewarding are studies November, 1947, concurrently view is not the most important
fostered by many of the myths, of educational methods in the with the Second Session of the The Kingdom of Afghanistan, product of the Conference. We
traditions and symbols of nation- home. the school, and in youth Unesco General Conference. bordering north-west Pakistan, were, above all, experimenting
al pride handed down from one organizations and other groups I. C.O .M . works closely with has joined Unesco, thus becoming (again it is my view) with the
generation to another. A great by which the minds of the young Unesco in the field of museogra- the thirty-ninth full member technique of conferring-I rather
many current social symbols are are oriented toward war or phy and serves as a permanent state. Already a member of the fancy that's about as important
still nationalistic, hindering the toward peace. From the dissemin- body of experts for the UN United Nations, the Afghan Gov- a job as any in these days.
free movement of thought across ation of the information result- Specialized Agency. Its purpose is ernment notified its intention of I don't only refer to meetings
political boundaries of what is, ing from these studies, we may to further international cpera- joining Unesco earlier this year. of Foreign Ministers and that
in fact. an interdependent world. anticipate the emergence of con- tion among museums and to be Austria, Switzerland and Hun- sort of thing-take the case of
(E) Parents and teachers find crete proposals for the guidance the co-ordinating their work. gary, which were admitted as the last Committee you yourself
tut difficult to recognize the extent of national programmes of edu- With Unesco, I. C.O .M . believes Member-States in November, 1947, attended. Would you not like to
to which their own attitudes cation. that museums can have great have not yet completed all the know more about what really
and loyalties-often acquired (K) The physical and biologi- value in furthering understand- formalities of acceptance but are went on ? Did the Agenda really
when they were young and when cal sciences in recent years have ing among peoples and can have treated as full members. Upon cover it, or the Resolutions ?
conditions were different-are no provided impressive demonstra- strong ! hfluence in the educa- their signing and depositing the No ? And by the way, one of
longer adequate to serve as effect- tions of the effect of research. tional training of both youth and Instrument of Acceptance, Unesco my proposals is a study of the
iYe guides to action in a chang- Some of the practical results i adult. will have forty-two members. reporting of conferences.

nations to establish an Itch
he recent decision of several
ternational Institute of th/Ì,,"
1948 WORK ! NO PROGRAMME
Hylean Amazon-a step take : >t.
with Unesco's assistance and oIl-<
the initiative of its First Generate
Conference-serves to stress tail,
increasingly important role that
SET FOR AMAZON INSTITUTE
UnescQ is playing in the field 4
international scientific co-opera
tion.'
>&lt;. By Dr. Frank J. Malina
It may be useful to explain thjj n
HEADQUARTERS COORDINATOR role, because there is col1Siderabl !
misunderstanding in scientifi
circles, as well as amonlt other,
HE pror ge rm amain md ee r of 19 o4 f8 f Uol nlo ew si cn og 's t Hhe y lec ao nn cl Aus mio an z ono f Pth roe j eI cq tu ito fos r C to hn e- groups interested in Unesco's work
ference in Peru and the meeting of the I. I. H.A . Interim Com- of the position of this Specialized4. F
mission at Manaus has been. formulated. This program, directed Agency of the United Nations a$
toward the final preparations for the opening of he I. I. H.A . in 1949, regards original scientific research,
can be divided into two major parts-administrative planning and
Frequently Unesco House re j
research planning. ceives letters and visits fro
In Latin America the imple- of the IIHA Convention provides people who believes Unesco cat :.
mentation of this program is for cooperation with public and help them to continue their
carried out by the Secretariat of private organizations engaged in theoretical or experimental rep
the Interim Commission whose work related to the purpose and search in biology, chemistry ;
headquarters are in Manaus, the functions of the Institute. To pathology, soil science or electrj t
Brazilian city selected as the seat this end contact is being made cal engineering. Also resear :
of IIHA. with these organizations, espe- institutions often submit reques J
cially with the Specialized Agen- for funds to support 1W0rthwhil i
The staff of the secretariat for
cies of the NU.. such as the FAO scientific projects or publicatio
1948 has been provided by Unesco
and an agreement made with the and WHO, which are especially Disappointment, unfortunatel
Interim Commission that this interested in the agricultural, con- usually awaits those who sub
staff will carry out functions de- servation and health problems of such requests.
this vast tropical region. The Unesco's role is defined by 1
relationships between the IIHA Constitution. In the field
and these intergovernmental or- science Unesco aims at :
ganizations will be built up "assuring the con$ervation ant !
without the intermediary of Uses- f) rotection of the world'$ inhertt :. i
co. Coordination of the activities ance of books, work$ of art a1
of the U. N. Specialized Agencies monuments of history and $cie
in the Hylean Amazon will be A contemporary Brazilian painting inspired by the Tropical Amazon. and recommending to the nati
achieved through already estab-
lished procedures between the
Specialized Agencies.
Research Planning
It has been realized that it is
not possible to project a research The
Hylean AJ
program for the Institute into
the distant future except in
broad outlines. Of immediate
concern is the definition of the
Institute's program for its first a limited geographical area of
year of operation, for which the the Hylean Amazon. The valley
Iquitos Conference set a budget of the Rio Huallaga in Peru wa" Some Press
of approximately $3000, 00. proposed as a suitable location
To assist with these prepara- for this experiment by the Peru- Comments
fined by the Interim Commis- vian delegation
tions Unesco has initiated three
Usi no en s co on onth e th eo n oe t heh ra .n d T hesa en d f unb cy - osu f rv te hy es rto e cog mui mde e nt dh ae t iof no srm u ola f tio thn e a U Mn ee xs ic co a no b eta ni tn oe md o lt oh ge is ts , er av ic Pes e ruo -f UnP er so cb oa b ply r ojen co t, ho at sh er a ttras cin teg de
tions are complementary and Interim Commission to the first vian botanist, an Ecuadorian an- such widespread public inter-
have as a common objective the Council meeting of the Institute. thropologist and an U. S. geogra- est as the establishment of the
'initiation of the work of the Ins- pher who made a rendezvous in International Institute of the
titute on a sound basis at the One of the basic principles of Lima the first week of July Hylean Amazon. The follow-
earliest possible date in 1949. modern research requires a sur- where they were joined by a pa- ing are excerpts from a few
vey of work done by researchers thologist and geographer provi- typical articles published dur-
Administrative Pwnning in the past and now underway ded by the Peruvian Government. ing the past weeks.
on problems of interest, in order This team 01 scienlific specia-
aTdhmf inistrative planning to avoid unnecessary repetition lists will traverse the Rio Hualla- Peter van Dresser in the
now underway covers a diverse "Scientific American" :
and duplication of effort. To this ga valley over a period of about
number of subjects. Recommen- end a bibliographical index is three months collecting inform- "'...T he Amazon offers a vir-
fd ina ati no cn is a l are r eb ge ui ln ag ti od nr sa fte id n coto rp oco rav te -r vb ee rin g a vp au ilt a bi ln e h pa un bd l isw heh dic h anw dil l mc ao -- tt hio en cf ho ar raa cn te ri in st te icg sr ate ad n d re pp oo tert n tiao -n g scin ie nl ca eb so r aa nto dr y sin o cw iah l ic teh c hniqueth se
ing provisions regarding the nuscript knowledge on Amazonic lities of the valley. of our civilization, perhaps
currency in which the contribu- problems. At the close of 1948 Unesco grown somewhat more mature,
tions of Member States of the will have concluded its role of may try their skill. The stakes
Institute shall be payable, the The scope of the program of in this effort are the opening
reserve or revolving fund to be the IIHA encompasses both the b 1r 9in 4g 9i n thg e th Se ta tI eIH s A M ei mnt bo e rb s ei on fg . thIn e up of a land very nearly the
established and the proceaures natural and social sciences. In Institute will finance the major size of the United States-and
for financial administration. Staff the field of social anthropoMgy. at least equally endowed in
regulations for personnel of the the Hylean Amazon region offers p Ino sr tt ii to un te of a nt dh e Una ec sti cv oit ie ws ill of m ath ke e natural niches..."
Institute and rules of procedure numerous opportunities for signi- arrangements to have studies "La Cronica", Lima, Peru :
for the Council and the Executive ficant research on man. The ex- made by the Institute for the "... This is the first time that
Committee will also be drafted. cp alo rr ra iet do ry ouc to m am t un pit ry e ses ntu t dy i n be ti hn eg purposes of its future program such an expedition has been
A report is being prepared to lower Amazon is described in a wIthin its budgetary means. undertaken under the ausrpices
vs ee nrv tie o na s a o nb as this e of pa r ivs ip lee gc eia sl c ao nn d- separate article on this page. ofT fich eu ss iU n ne bs rc ino g, inth gr ou tg oh g eti hts e r go vo ad - o thf ea Pw eo rr uld v io ar ng a Gni oz va eti ro nn m a en nd t, with
immunities of the IIHA with At Iquitos the Scientific and rious nations at Iquitos, Peru, de- useful scientific resources at its
special reference to the problem Program Committee of the Con- monstrated once again how inter-- disposal... Our vast hydra-
of scientific collections to he ference strongly recommended national co-operation is possible graphical regions hide huge
made by the Institute within the that Unesco, as a part of its acti- when a specific objective of resources to be used by matt.
vities during 1948, make an expe- common interest to d1verse peoples On this operation are based
jurisdiction of the Member
States. riment with a"team"survey of is chosen. the best hopes of a subsequent
work in order to justify the
At the Iquitos Conference'he
aims of this great enterprise."
area. of the Hylean Amazon to
he served by the Institute was The"New Review" (Cal- Unesco :
not finally defined, and therefore cutta) :
the Interim Commission was ins- "The blueprint for the open-
tructed to take steps, in conjunc- ing of the Amazon... marks
tion with the countries in the the beginning of perhaps the
region, to specify the area. wa- most ambitious of internatio- Five N
tered by the Amazon and its tri- nal scientific endeavours... The
butaries that can be considered long'orange aspects of the huge I
to have the same biological cha- project concern the civiliz-
racteristics. The map reproduced ing and settlement of the
on this page shows a tentative Equatorial vastness. which Of Am4
outline of the Hylean Amazon. ?wu oouulMd ssttaarrtt wMith:) t he duecdaMticoanC oOfKo /
together with the seat of the Ins- the primitive inhabitants and
titute at Manaus (Brazil) and the the promotion of communica-
working centers that are to be tions by Mater, land and air lrHE Ctaobnlfisehreendc et hweh icIhnternational
developed at Archidona (Ecua- across the now almost im- Institute of the Hylea i
dor), Belém do Parà (Brazil), penetrable reaches along the Amazon was convened by Un
Iquitos (Peru), Riberalta (Boli- world's greatest river." and the Governments of Bra
v (Via e) n. ezS ua en la ) Fer an na dn do S ibud ne d oA yt aba (Cp oo - The Brantford (Ontario, and Peru. Delegates and advise
Canada)"Expositor" : from ten countries were prese
lombia). "There is the promise of un- at the meetings, held in Iqui
Each of the States Members of disclosed resources through Peru, from April 30 to May ld
the Institute are to set up nation- making accessible regions 1948.
al bodies for tile maintenance blocked off for untold centu-
of relations between their respec- ries by impenetrable forests. BoC livo iu an , trie Bs r azre il,p res Ce on lote md b in ac , lu Edi cu -
tive national governments and There is the thrill of high dot, France, Italy, the Neth
the institute, and for the encour- drama in this undertaking. lands, Peru, the United Sta
agement of the study and deve- More important, it holds the and Venezuela. The Governmen'
lopment of their national sectors possibility of substantial im- of Great Britain and Switzerlan
in accordance with the integrated provement in the life of the sent accredited observers to t
work programme of the Ins- people of South America and, Conference.
titute for the whole region. ultimately, the world at large." Six international organization.
One of the important articles Among the few Amazon industries are weaving and pottery making. were officially represented, if'

quest, of a task, service, or pur-
pose specified in each Mse and
closely linked with the Prramme
WHAT IS UNESCO'S ROLE of Unesco as approved by the SOCIAL STUDIES PLANNED
General Conference.
Contracts"may be concluded
with non-governmental or semi-
governmental international orga-
IN SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH ? nizations which havbee en grant- OF AMAZON PEOPLES S
ed consultative status for :
concerned the necessary interna- A grant-in-aid may be awarded 1) the organization of interna-
tional conventions ; to give"assistance to internation- tional conferences, congresses,
By Dr. Charles Wagley
"encouraging c a-a per a t ion al organizations for initiating symposia, expert committees, etc. ;
among the nations in all branche$ and operating facilities for the 2) the organization of the Ex- [Dr. Charles Wagley, Columbia University anthropologit, and
co/ft ninteteHlleeccttMuaol a!c tivaictyt ,: ti; n: tcyl,u d!i 7nMg! 'M ( ! !t t9 world-wide pooling and co-ordina- change of Persons'programme Dr. Eduardo Galvao of Brazil are carryiufJ out, under, the auspices
the international exchange of per- tion qf already-acquired know- through promotion and adminis- of the Unesco Hylean Amazon Project, a communit1/study in the
sons active in the fields of educa- ledge, the promotion of cultural tration of travel grants, fellow- lower AmazOn region in Brazil. The survey will aid in the formation
tion, sc: e nce and culture and the interchange, the standardization ships, etc. ; of a research programme to be carried out in other areas of the
exchange of publications, objects of terms, techniques and appara- 3) the execution of surveys, in- Amazon basin by th< ! recent/y'e5tablished I. I. H, A. Before leaving for
of artistic and scientific interest tus ; the maintaining and ex- Brazil, Dr. Wagley made the following observations regarding research
CanKdf! otoheerr ma?t?et C r[i<a lesr ; oa f ! sin foo/rtmK/ao-rMO- changing of living samples and in- ve 4s )ti g ta ht eio n ps r epo ar r ao tit oh ne r as ntu dd i pe us b ; lic- in that part of the world. ],
tion ; animate objects ; and the upkeep
tion of periodicals. books or other
"initiating methods of interna- of laboratories and other institu- material ; vast uninhabited territory, and the
tional co-operation calculated to tions under international control, 5) the development of new in- THE pectr uo lip ai rc al h iste on rv iair l on dm ee vn et l, o pmth ee nt of the Hylean Amazon region
give the people of all countries by means of grants for interna- ternational organization'. offer unusual circumstances for research in many disciplines of the
access to the printed and publish- tional education, scientifie and From a careful study of the social and natural sciences.
ed materials produced by anv of cultural institutions and bureaux. above rules it will be seen that Such research should focu on termine the basic patterns ut me
them." It is understood that no grants only under exceptional circum- man and his past, present and present culture and to be able
To fulfil these aims, Unco hay so given may be devoted to the stances can Unesco funds be said potential adjustment to the Ama- in the future to advise social
developed the following methods expenses of original research of to be directly involved in original zon environment. To study t..'1is planners as to the feasibility of
in the field of the natural scion- creative activity being carried out scientific research. general problem, it will be neces- programs of change in this re-
ces : in a country by citizens of that Scientists and engineers, when sary to call upon many scientists gion. Like the physiological orga-
Grants-in-aid : A grant-in-aid Is country in public or private insti- they join the Unesco Secretariat, with a variety of specialities. Bo- nism, human culture has envy-
an outright pavment to a non- tutions financed by governmental leave their instruments and slide tanists must study the plants ronmental limitations and envi-
governmental or semi-governmen- or private funds of that coun- rules behind. They only carry which are used now, which have
tal international organization in try". with them a knowledge of the been used by the Indians in the
furtherance of Unesco's constitu- Contracts : This is an arrange- scientific method, a familiarity past, and which may be useful
tional objectives and general pro- ment under which Unesco makes with some of the implications of to man in the future.
gram of work, for purposes spe- a payment to an educational, science in the modern world, and Soil experts must furnish us
cified in each case, and without scientific or cultural organization a faith that relations between with an analysis of the earth
financial return. for the fulfilment, at Unesco's re- peoples can be improved. from the point of view of present
and future agricultural produc-
tion, and agronomists must tell
us what is good and bad about
the present techniques of tilling
the soil and must seek new me-
thods for greater and more effec-
tive production.
Nutritionists will study the
Ø1azo'Institute vitamin, mineral and energy con-
tent of Amazon foods and will
tell us what foods are appro-
priate for the Amazon. Physiolo-
gists will study the energy output
and other physiologically deter-
mined reactions of man under
Amazon conditions. Each science
has a definite contribution to
make to this general prouiem.
By focusing on the problem of
rorunental reactions, and It must
man in relation to the Amazon
be handled with care.
environment we do not limit the
In order to determine the basic
number of scientists and sciences
culture of the Amazon region,
which would participate in the
studies will have to be made by
program, but at the same time
social anthropologists in several
we do not try to work toward an
Amazon communities within the
encyclopedic knowledge of the
next few years.
Amazon without the benefit of a
In making these studies the
limiting problem.
following major points must be
In such a program, one of the
covered :
first steps would seem to be a
1) History of the region ;
study of the contemporary cul- 2) Sustenance and basic eco-
ture, or way of life, of the pre-
nomy (agriculture, fishing,
sent population of the Amazon
collecting of forest products,
Valley. commercial system, etc.) ;
Three racial stocks have con-
3tiv) eD iet satunddy Foofo dfo hoadb ictso ns(oubmjeecd-,
tributed to the contemporary
Amazon population, and the mo-
food taboos, preparation of
dern culture contains elements
foods, cost, etiquette, etc.) ;
inherited from Portugal or Spain,
4) Social Life (education, fa-
from Africa, and from the Ame-
mily life, social position and
rican Indian.
prestige, social classes, clubs,
Newcomers to the Amazon are
religious organizations, neign-
soon forced to adopt many bourt100d groups, municipal
caboclo customs and habits. Fur-
and community solidarity,
thermore, any social planning etc.) ;
must take into consideration the
5) The Individual Life (birth
habits, values, customs, beliefs child training, courtship,
and in general the organized way
marriage, relations between
of life of the people who are
the sexes, old age, death and
there.
mourning, etc.) ;
Therefore, the problem of the 6) Religious Life (church orga-
social anthropologists in coopera- nizations, religious festivals,
tion with other scientists in the cults, mythology and folk-
Amazon would seem to be twod e- lore, etc.).
;E oxfc Ihnafonrgmf ation. , MLlerrar ;
Member State of the United Na-
tions or a U. N. Specialized Agen-
cy.
The IIHA Council is the highest
lajor Functions authority of the Institute, deter-
mining its general policies,
supervising financial matters and
receives the reports on research in
lazon Institute the Amazon basin.
A seven-member Executive Com-
mittee is designed to make policy
s-cluding : the Pan-American Union, logy, the general nutritional con- decisions between the meetings vf
d the Inter-American Institute of ditions of the Amawnian peoples the Council.
Agricultural Science, the In- and the agricultural problems A Director of the Institute 18
. ternational Council of Scientific connected therewith ; to be elected, on nomination o1f
) Unions, the International Study That in 1948 scientists appoint- the Executive Committee, by the
ed by Unesco carry out research Council, and he shall direct the
reau of Education and Unesco. work in a selected area of the Institute's activities under the
conferAefntecre ,e xaminthaeti oInn ternaotfi onscaile ntiBfiuc- River Huallaga region of Peru ; Council's guidance.
I aspects of the Institute's project- That the formation of a biblio- Although Unesco's role in the
ed activities, the Conference pre- graphical index be put in hand creation of the Institute was es-
pared the following general re- forthwith at Manaus with the pecially a preparatory one, the
1 commendations : co-operation of the scientific Institute"shall conclude, as soon
That scientific expeditions : n bodies ; as practicable, an agreement with
the Hylean Amazon be carried That a yearly sum be set aside Unesco".
out preferably by teams of scien- for the publication of unpublish- The Convention also establish-
tists and in limited geographical ed works and scientific documents ed an Interim Commission to
areas ; on Amazonia. function until the first session f
'That research be concerned with
National membership in the the Council of the Institute, which
matters of general interest, e.g . Institute, according to the terms - it was anticipated-would be The arrow is still the main weapon for hunting in the Hylean Amazon
problems relating to hydro-bio- of its Convention, is open to any held in the first half of 1949. Region.

6 UNESCO COURIER Volume I.-No...
I. T. I.--A Liaison Centre
School Reforms Studied
(Continued from Page 1.) was necessary to demonstrate that
there were three fundamental re- For Theatres the World Over
education Division in the U. S.
requirements for international
Office of Education, and M. A.
peace : mutual assistance between
I. attif, Deputy Secretary at the the nations, the surrender of some Maurice Kurtz, author and play- By for development and success
Ministry of the Interior, Pakistan. degree of national sovereignty by right, has been closelv associated than its pre. wan parent.
Cur. Clarence E. Beeby, Director each country and the organiza- with preparations for the Inter- With the hoMing of the First
oC-, i ! : ducatioinn New Zealand and tion of collective security. national Theatre Institute since Maurice Congress a few days ago, the
'Assistant Director-General of A speaker from Brazil pointed the idea took tangible form in K AT programme is now set. The objec-
iUDe6COr, epresented the organiza- to the survey Unesco had carried} 1946. In the following article, he tives are clear. The work is be-
cti oo nn d a tt o t bh ee joC ino tn lyfe re sl' p''' o'', n sot rh ee d s be y- out among its Member States re-j e tux tp el 'a si .n s p us ro pm oe seth in ag n do f t sh oe m In es thti i- ng of USp ne ec si ca oli s Tt hin e aC th rea rg Ae f fo af ir. g bu en d-b ou nt e . much more remains to
Unesco and the IBE. Addressing garding their progress in develop-, what it may accomplish. And it will be, so long as each
ing teaching programmes about
Itb, o opening session, he stressed the United Nations."Unesco en- country has a National Centre
t ift sM 8 v ta wlu oe oro gf a nc io z- ao tip oe nr sa .tion between countered several kinds of obsta- THE the Instceernnaet ioofn ainl terTnahteioantrael Inasrtti.t uWtei th isi tsth ec renaetwioens t coomrgeasn iztoa tiao nc loosne ofu f nc it nio ten ri nn ag t iona as l tha en a tra ec tive s lo iau ir sc oe n
ideas on education travel slow- cles", he said,"some of these were the two-year production-rehearsal period which focussed upon it the between itself and the rest of
the said,"and the possibilities moral, due to the scepticism with attention of theatre artists, technicians and administrators the world the world.
which the United Nations was
offered by this Conference of over.
f, transmitting information and opi- viewed". It is an exciting experience to help transform into a living reality
DJons from one nation to another Reports received on educational the inevitably cold, conventional words of a conference resolution :
: faor f the greatest value. developments in the countries re- "It was resolved to call an international meeting of theatre Institute Formed
! foe IBE with its long experi- presented will be published, as experts for the purpose of founding an International Theatre
ence, its surveys, and its confer- also will the Conference's recom- Institute..." (First General Conference of Unesco, Nov. 1946,), (Continued from Page 1.)
ences, has already done fine work mendations on Teaching of Hand- Many months of preliminary investigation and study went into others were living, thinking and
m the field of educational re- writing ; School Psychologists ; and the early stages of the I. T. I., giving it its raison d'etre and the feeling.
ge6u'ch. However, these activities Development of International Un- concreteness which earned for it the active guidance of J. B. Priest- In Mr. Honzl's brief welcoming
can usefully be supplemented by derstanding Among Young people ley, the enthusiasm and support of Armand Salacrou. Jean-Louis address to the delegates, he re-
unesco's more practical pro- and Teaching about International Barrault, Clarence Derwent, Tyrone Guthrie and a host of others : viewed Czechoslovak theatrical
gramme". Organizations. . professionals, amateurs, public. background from a historical point
Mr. Piaget, Director of the In- A first"reading"of the lost. !. of view, and said his country
ternational Bureau of Education, took place last July when Unesco wduld always welcome foreign
agreed with Dr. Beeby that im- invited twenty-five theatre experts theatrical companies sucn as
portant results could emerge from from fourteen countries in Eu- have already often visited Cze-
close Unesco-IBE co- {) peration. rope, Asia. North and South choslovakia from Russia, Yugo-
I'in the field of education", he America, to decide for or against slavia, France and England
said,"example should play a mare "production". Following the opening ad-
important role than compulsion. I Within a few days, these busy, dresses. the Congress went into
am convinced that solutions suit- practical-minded theatre folk put working session. It agreed to
able to the different conditions together a programme aimed at 110ld twice-daily meetings during
obtsinir_g in the various countries lowering, if not eliminating, the the six-day conference, and the
tthould be studied, without any obstacles which interfece with the proposed Charter for the Insti-
attempt to impose a uniform sys- international movement of new tute was immediately adopted
term", playscripts, opera and ballet subject to latex committee revi-
The Conference then heard re- scores, performing companies. and sion.
ports of educational developments of the various types of informa- In the afternoon session. J. B.
in various countries during the tion leading to increased and Priestley was elected President
past year. Questions followed and better professional relations be- of the Congress, and Armand Sa-
øome of the most interesting tween theatre circles of all coun- lacrou-the distinguished French
points mentionned were these : tries, and therefore, between the playwright and head of his coun-
Australia.-The school leaving people of all countries who flock try's delegation-and Jmanch.
ege was 15 in New South Wales to their theatres. Honzl were elected Vice-Presi-
and Victoria and the possibility of In the past year since the July dents.
prolonging school attendance un- 1947 Conference, I have had occa- Three Committees were then
taL that age in other States was sion to learn with what genuine appointed, including one of orga-
being examined... besides the State eagerness many countries look to nization, headed by Mr. Emil
colleges for training in academic R the ep or Uts n eo scf o-e Id Bu Ec atio Cn oa nl f erp er no cg er ess o ni n Pe oa pc uh la rc ou Ent dry u caw tioe nre p inre se Gnt ee nd e va at . the establishment of the I. T.I . In cO iap tr ie oc nh t, of P Sre ws ii sd se n Tt heo af treth e DA ns ^s eo c- -
sttbjects, the secondary education fact, twelve of them have given
system included special schools concrete proof of this by consti- tors. A Committee of Informa-
tion was headed by Dr. Yul
tor agriculture, trades, etc... a new tuting national centres :
riment is being carried out in Unesco Library School Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Chile, Shang-Yuen. of the National
Academy of Dramatic Arts in
J1rses for immigrants. China, Czechoslovakia, France,
Belgium-Holiday parties for Letters from Planned for Englan d Italy, Netherlands, Switzerland, N Tha en ak tin reg , Aa rtn isd ts a AbC roo am dm it wte ae s leo dn
lrOrkers are a new experiment for United Kingdom, U. S.A .
tbð spare time and holidays of The first Unesco International Other countries, such as.: Argen- b ay n dD Dr. i reA cr tn oo r ld of S tz hy ef m Pa on l, s kif ou Tn hd ee ar -
\9OUDgw orkers... school broadcast- The Readers Summer School for Librarians. tina, Bolivia, Denmack, Ethiopia, tre in Warsaw.
ing is organized differently in the will be held in England during Greece, Norway, the Netherlands, The Committee on Organiza-
cW oa ul nlo tro yn -i t and w aF sle im ndis eh p ep na dr et ns t o of f t th he e To the Editor of the Unesco September, 1H<. ZP eo ala lan nd d, aS nw de d te hn e, PU hr iu lig pu pa iny e, s N ae rw e tion recommended the establish-
Some fifty working librarians, ment of a National Theatre Cen-
Ministry of Education... medico- Courier : in various stages of organization
pedagogic centres are being .'... j. d tar ta ew dn coe us np te ric ei sa ,l ly w if llr o cm o mw e a tr o- gd ee tv ha es r- of their national centres. tre T hi en Cea oc mh m M itte em e be or n-S t Ia nt fe o. rmation
organized in Brussels, Borinage Sir : to study library techniques and The importance of these con- emphasized that the National
IDd near Antwerp.
The Unesco Courier pu- equipment during the month-long tres, springing up like guideposts I Centres should compile lists of
Burma.-8eventy per cent of blished in its June numoer meetings. Close cooperation in on all continents, has not yet be·n, all existing endowments, official
the population can read and write, sponsorship of the school is being fully appreciated. For it is an and unofficial, for foreign thea-
due largely to the traditional edu- (vol. 1, No 5) an interesting rr. aintained with the International entirely new idea in the arts to trical students within their coun-
c aa st ti eo rn
ie
sp ..r
.
o tv hid ee d
e
di un
c
aB tiu od nd h ois
f
t am duo ln ts- a fort ri cl Ge ermae nn yti 't .led'Work-Plan F tioe nd se .ration of Library Associa- o pr rg oa gn raiz me
m
a
e
pr we hci os se e, a oll- by je ea ctr th ie sa tr te
o
t pri oe ss s. ibla en d
t o
s ph ro ou mld
o
ted o thee ve inry teth rnin ag
-
is being carried out by broadcast I would like to point out Mr. Raymond Irwin, Director Of serve the stage and its world tional exchange of persons in
courses and with the help of the that the'Federation de 1'Edu- the School of Librarianship, Uni- everywhere. that field.
Ypung People's Associations... lang- cation Nationale', whose Gene- versity Collee, London, will direct The Central headquarters is a The Committee of Theatre Ar-
uage instruction is difficult be- ral Secretary, M. Adrien La- the school which will be held suc- convenient tunnel, a clearing- tists Abroad urged the National
cause there are one hundred and vergne, is a member of the cessively in London and Manches- . house, if you prefer, but in any Centres to call on their govern-
twenty differents dialects. French National Commission ter. Choice of participants win be case, not The Thing itself. Any ments to reduce the obstacles
Bulgaria.-Forty-five per cent for Unesco, has given a good made by Unesco National Com- other view, I believe, would be which block and hinder the free
at university students have schol- deal of attention to the re- missions or BCood-oiepserating pretentious and unrealistic, movement of theatrical produc-
arships... illiteracy has been redu- education problem of German in the member states of the ora- In other words, the I. T. I, s job tions and companies from one
ced to fourteen percent... education youth. nizalion and by library associa- is to help each nation make country to another.
i ts e eno .b ..l ig pa rit mo ary r y st co h ooth l e tea ag ce h eo rf s f aif r- e A survey was made in all tions. known, honestly and effectively Following the Committee work,
four zones of occupation, in There will be lectures by the and quickly, its best theatrical the Congress elected an eight-
trained for two years ; secondary June-July 1947. by a aeteKa' school's own faculty and by addi- products : spoken, musical, ballet. man Executive Committee with
teachers must first attend a uni- tion of our Federation. This tional lecturers. Also included dance, amateur, puppets, etc... Armand Salacrou as its Chair-
versity. delegation of seven members will be demonstrations, discussion The former Société Universelle man. Other members included :
France.-School reforms have was lead by Mile Mane-louse groups, visits to libraries, exhi- du Theatre made an admirable Erich Nikowitz, prominent actor
8Ctf ar affected pupils between the
Cavalier, permanent expert of bitions of equipment and of between-the-wars attempt to . at the Josefstadt Theatre in
ages of twelve and fifteen... tradi- Unesco's Education Section at documentary films. Each stu- achieve a solid footing in inter- Vienna ;
tional methods are so far being
the French National Commis- dent will be expected to bring a national theatre, but met with Maurice Huisman, Director of
retained for students above that
sion and member of the tem- written account of public library the insurmountable indifference the National Theatre of Belgium ;
age... the experiment of the"New
porary Council of the interna- development in his or her own inherent to its day. S.I . Hsuing, Chinese author
Classes"had been carried out
tional voluntary organizations country. Now that many more nations and playwribht :
this year at the level of the 4th
dealing with Education, Scien- Librarians who may wish to at- are convinced that man's happi- Jindrich Honzl, Director of the
grade... a training course held for ce and Culture. tend the school should contact ness on earth is inseparably National Theatre of Prague ;
teachers in charge of the direction
their national library association linked to good international con- Richard Ordynski, well-known
o itf s th ce re an tie vw e c dla es vs ee los p h ma ed n t co pn ati rn tu ice ud - haT vh ee bere es nu l pts u blo isf heo du r in su ar v re ey - o mr issth ioe nir whU icn he sc wo illN a ft uio rnn ia sl h C co om m- - duct, this fresh and more mature Polish metteur-en-scene ;
l oa fr ly te aa cs h inre gg , ar td hs e t sh tue d yc o o-o f rd ei nn va it ri oo nn - p leo mrt a go nf e 30 10 9 4p 7a '.g Te hs ise nt bit ole od k' A wI- as plete details. u gn ivd ee sr s tt ha en din I.g T . Io , f a . w bo erl td te rp ro chb ale nm ces torL le ow f e tl hly en ArR tse es C, o uD nr ca im l a o f D Gir re ec a- t
ment and the part played by printed by the `society Uni- Britain ;
artistic, plastic, or musical train- I versitaire d'Edition et ue Li- CALENDAR OF CONFERENCES CONVENED Emil Oprecht, President of the
ing. I brairie' (Sudel). Association of Swiss Theatre Di-
At subsequent sessions, delegates BY UNESCO rectors ;
Moreover, the International
exchanged views on the Teaching 80mmission for the Study of DATE CONFERENCE PLACE The temporary headquarters or
of Handwriting, School Psycholo- German School-Books... start- 8- Jttty Committeeo f Experts for the Examination of a M"nus-Paris the Institute was placed in Pa-
gists and on the various problems d its survey in 1947. I have cript of Essayso n Human Rights. ris and, as of Jauary 1, 1949, it
c po un rpc oe srn ee d aw ndit h tt he ea ch win og r k ab oo fu t tt hh ee : g > ef ne en r al'a op np oin tt he id s' ra qp up eo srt te iou nr for 17 7 - -1 S0 e A- mm ui gne uae srt i tn Sg p ecializ: eo T df .eE a Ax c gp h ee in nr gt cs iea-C sb .oo ulo t u thrr ee p Uro nd iteu dc ti Non ats io. ns and its NeP wa r Yis ork wi Tll heb e Bo eu lgts iaid ne dU en lee gs ac to io nH ou os ffe e. red
United Nations. A Chinese speaker the Congress of the Interna- 12 July Temporary International Council for Educational Re-Paris Brussels for the Second Con-
ts eu rg ng ae tis ot ne ad l th de o cc ur mea et nio tan t ioo nf a cn e nti rn e- t 3io nn Tal e aP cr he inp ga ra wto hr iy c h C io sm gm oi is ns gi o tn o 1 12 5- 11 J Ju ul ly y Sc U eo n mn es is ntr c au o r:c E t Txio een ac ( u cT htiI v eC e rE sB E R o da): u r cdC : a o t8 im oth nm .S it ete se so iof nE . xperts. EnP ga lr ais nd g tir oe ns s p roa pn od s et dh e S alA zbu ust rr gia n to cud mel ce ig aa e-
regarding the UN and its Agen- take place in Budapest from 25 August with that city's famed Festival.
cies, and stressed that"much August 21 to 24, 1948. 20-22 July DM ie se trti in bg u to iof nE O x ep ne trr sts s .on Book E ; xchn"'e Systemsa nd Paris The Executive Committee also
courage and faith"would be ne- Yours very truly, 2t July Seminar : ChildhoodE ducation. Prague named Maurice Kurtz of unesco
cessary to overcome the cynicism 24 August the Secretary-General of the
and disillusionment of those who Emil HOMBOURGER. 21i-29 July Committeet o establish a World Music CatalolrlHt. Pa. I. T. I.. an appointment to go into.
iII4 not bzlieve in such teaching. Professeur Agrégéd e !'University. 2 2- -1 11 3 A Au ugg uu ss tt C Mo em etm ini gs os fi oo Unn n iT ve ec rsh itn yi c Ra elN pe ree sd es n. tative oa Umiversity Ut"eP ca hr tis effect at the end of 1948 when
. French delegate urged that it Deveiopment. Holland the I. T. I, budget takes effect.

UNESCO COURIER 7
Volume 1.-No. 6
Close Links Traced Some Historic Elements
of Persian Painting
Between Early
As a World Influence
Greek=Syrian Cultures
VER since its foundation one of Unesco's principal objects has
IL b ise oe ln a tioto n d ae nm d on tos tr ia nt de u ceto inth e t hen mat i ao .n s ceth rta at i n th ue ny i tyd o on f ot spe irx itis t bin y JII ieìEveRn tS h eIA N G t eo r mspo aam nin set i ne hgx e t le dins t aa n ton e etw xh h ed i biPs itc ie oor nsv iearny os f fot Phr ee rmW sise aes nlt veer asn r,e t rs iW n ahne Bdn e rp li ine n r h1a t9p h1s e0
reminding them that civilizations, so far from being closed systems appreciative eyes of a great many people were turned towards it,
evolving independently, are mutually accessible and enrich each especially when the Impressionists and the Expressionists had already
other by exchange. widened the scope of their perception. Since then the French and the
One of the dearest proofs of trines of Jacobite Monopnysism. English have shown their interest in Persian art either by hOlding
this truth is the historic example It was in these surroundings, similar exhibitions or have attempted to study the subject itself.
þf the contacts between Arab traditionally closed to Greek in- Persian painting is in its essence romantic. In its fully matured
MindW estern civilization, of which fluence alike by language and by stage it possesses a delicate touch of reality. This appeared towards
an account was given to the rea- political and geographical situa- the end of 15th century and continued throughout 16th, when Behzad
ders of the Unesco Courier (1 ; tion, that classical culture was of Herat, the master artist of Timur's court brought the sense of
in connection with Unesco's nexb kept alive. Syrian converts to movement, after the manner of Chinese, to his paintings.
meeting at Beirut. At a time Christianity had to learn Greek He developed tne cnaraCLenz,,-
when the dominant idea of man- to read the Old and New Testa- Reproduced from Unesco's latest tion of his figures, introduced ally the Manichean artist Mani
kind was religion, could there be ment and the writings of the Fa- quarterly review"Museum". an landscape and released the art is held by Persians to be the first
two worlds more in opposition thers, and this introduced them example of Oriental antiquity at from the restriction of beag mere- master artist. His illuminated
't Üh aa nn
,
et ah ce
h
hI as vla iDm gic and
a
th de
i
ffC erh er nis t- s pi hm ilu ol sta on pe ho y.usly to science and the Louvre m, enS iu ds a c aG pa itl ale l.ry. Achae- bly
lu e
il alu ns dtr a gt oio ldn s
b
acko gf route nx dt s.
b
ecR ai mch
e
sb eo lo
f
k ps
e
rb se ei cn ug
t
eb du drn ue ed
t o
a hn id
s
rh ee
li
gh ioim us-
concept of the Godhead and each From the Fifth Century beliefs (A. D. 290), nothing re-
regarding the other as pagan onwards there was a veritable g tie on ne ra al nly d a thcc ee p cte ad re fa us lly the c olc oo un rd ei d- mains to us of his"Arjang"as
and idolatrous ? positive outburst of phil-HeIIe- red background, which prevailed the collection of his painting was
Yet those two worlds did not nism, whose principal centre was Dr. Cheng for a century if not abandoned called. In his time Persian paint-
remain in ignorance of each the Persian School set up at
was skillfully moderated to new ing is supposed to have developed
other ; they lived side by side EdeS5a and later at Nisibe and fashion. as the servant of religion, because.
from the time when the sons of Gandishapur in Iran. In these Describes Close The art of the age draws the later on when Islam was intro
pt th hhe ee irr P y ro o frp f e h qte h ut e e no M tc ecu d cp it oeie nrd r taa cna tel sl a , nth . Ee uFp rr ooe pmri e- o ms fin o g nsu kt sl ua dr a e nns dtc s h wo ho liv il cs e h, d w mh ce iglr oe his t tt eh bro e eu d ds a en elikd mes - s the ea so en le mof e ng ta ie ot fy sw ph rie nr ge y eo vu e nh av ine wdu ac se d d ei nn oto u ncth ee d c oo nu n tt hr ey, ap ua thin ot rin ityg
gained material wealth and in- ed the first univet'sities since Cooperation your summer and winter, where of Hadith, though not specifical-
tellectual concepts which we use the disappearance of the schools it is a love-scene or a battlefield, ly by Quran, (there is no clear
daily almost without realizing it. of Alexandria, Athens and Per- Between China a w hs itil ev -e flr o-l wik ee r s bri ag nh dtn e ts hs e is over the prohibition Qo uf r anp )a in bt yin g th e i ln e aat eh re s
The most important element of gamos, there was taught, in addi-
this legacy from the Arab to the tion to strictly ecclesiastical learn- leaves are ornamented By of religion as some-
Western world is without any ing, all the science of Greece. and Unesco with shining diamonds. ching allied to idol-
doubt the intellectual element Verbal teaching was backed up Day and night are atry.
consisting of the sum of know- by a vast labour of translation. often equally bright, Akbar To admire a repre-
ledge inherited from Greece and Works on dialectics, logic, astro- Nations may rightfully date rocks are risen to meet sentation of the hu-
t tr ha rn os um ghit ted th e to A rM abe di sa ce ieva nl t istE su ro ap ne d l fo rog my an Gd rem ee kd ici in ne to we Sre y rir ae cn . de Tre hd e I cI i usN bS waP hcfk ef i nA ,tT oI sO otNh me e tfi tmo wre o thoe tf h oUC uno sin atef nud d- bth roe o b kslu e s ak rey , an rid p pl li it ntl ge M. OSKOUl m toa n r esf uig ltu re in w tha es wa op rt -
philosophers of Spain. Encyclo- manuscripts which contain them yeaes ago, the great Chinese while grass shoots up ship of that figure.
paedic intellects such as Avicenna aJ"e today the ; richest treasure of thinker spoke of the world as a in -.t .e .,n ..d --er growth. Since then the reli-
(Ibn Sina, 980-1037), Averroes the great libraries of London, "single family". Such is the opi- The element of space gious authorities have
(Ibn Raschid), Atempace (Ibn Paris and the Vatican, and some nion of Dr. Cheng Chi-Pao, who is reduced only to a fantasy and never ceased to frown on painting.
Badja, 1138), as versed in phy- of them date from the Sixth is now in Paris to develop closer everything is brought under your A man during this era, would
sical science as in metaphysical Century. co-operation between his country eyes. A distant tree in the Euro- not be so much represented as
speculation, transmitted to the Â Court of artists and Unesco. pean art remains remote always, indicated.
Latins the richest treasures of Dr. Cheng, as Secretary-General lost and insignificant and its
Greece in science and philosophy. and Scientists of the Chinese National Commis- values merely lie in the atmo- But the religion did not ban
Thanks to them Euclid, Archi- The transformation wrought in sion for Unesco, is well acquaint- phece which it creates in relation painting altogether. It only li-
medes, Ptolemy, Hippocrates, Ga- the politics and religion of Me-I ed with the efforts of China to to the main theme. This is the mited its subject-matter to de-
len, Aristotle and Plato sOlp.o--t-a.mia and Persia participate actively in the family normal attitude of the European signs. Calligraphy starts from
were known to West- By by the Arab invasion of nations and to share with painter and shows strict fidelity here.
ern thought, however reduced this activity" all other peoples the treasures of to nature.
imperfectly, long be- 7. LEROY little, but did riot en- her past and her present. While But to the Persian artist a tree Illustrations for Basra and
fore Europe could Member tirely suppress it, par- in Paris he has reported to Unes- or a figure behind the object is
make direct contact ticularly among the co on the achievements of China always large and fascinating In Kula Quran Manuscripts
w ofi th t heth e Rm en aa it s st ah ne c eti .me So of c t ih ee tv A os f ia Pt aic ris. e firs st to ria sn us c. c esT sh oo rsu g oh f t th he e t to iow na ar ld s c o-os ptr ee rn ag tit oh ne ,n ting interna- eits qe ul af l ts oo tt hh aa tt oi fs ths eh ow ms a ina thv ea mlu ee . Toward the end of the 7th Cen-
In thus passing on Pt'ophet retained his The Chinese National Commis- This is held among, many reasons, tury in Iraq, Basra and kufa
the fruits of Hellenic simple way of life, op- Quran manuscripts with beauti-
- w'". i. s. 'uuiii, mmtuc',. ii posed to all material s 1i 9o 4n 7, , f hir as st 1o 2rg 0a n ei lz ee cd te di n meA mug bu es rst, , t fo re eb e slo pn irg it to o f t th he e c ar re ta ist ti ve w ha on d lo oth ke s ful designs and decorations began
the intellectual history of hu- civilizatton and ail'worldly learn- leaders in the fields of education, at nature purely from the ange to appear, and religion and art
manity, were the agents of that ing, the Ommeyads, established at science and culture. Divided into of his own imagination. But for a few centuries worked to-
"historic continuity.. which is one Damascus from 660, converted six committees, each representing there is a strong influence of gether in perfect harmony.
of the major achievements of mo- Islam into a centralized temporal
one of the major fields of Unesco Chinese here, the fact that the Faith, the essential element of aH
dern science. Yet those who no- State, with an army of official
tice dates cannot have failed, in recruited principally from Greek activity, the Commission is head- spectator is placed at the point f forms of artistic inspiration, was
- tr bie ora end aei kdn g i na t bh toe hv aep t re tcov o i no btu ines u isa tytr rt .uic cl ke , bm ye n a- a oSn nod o n th eS th y er a ia pCc po- es u ap rt re aa o nk f ci n eDg a om f aC s ah c r ui Bs st y ia ztn o as o n. k - o me fd a kb E ey d u eD c fr fa. e t cioC tin vh . eu C tI hh ts eia - pH p ruu ora gp, ro as mM e m in ii ess te otr o f v e raa d in s. t ea H dg e e p l lo aa o tb fk oo s rv m e d ow w sh ona t ta hi s as t ir fe np ofr r te o s m oe nn lt ya- f sr ie d us e bt n lo imtr e ed t .o, a w Hn od erk t nh t ooe w maa rr odti rs s et so hw m aa ds e thc i to n hn g e-
Between the closing of the phi- tine Court in an Arab country. Unesco in China. all the figures and object on dif- fever of an undecided artist t0
losophy schools of Athens, de- The revolution of 750, whence Reviewing the activities of ferent planes could be seen with- whom the whole world is given
creed by Justinian in 529 A. D., sprang the Abbassid Caliphate, China in recent years towards in- out confusion but also the other to be represented, while his spirit
and the Arab renaissance, which accentuated in Islam this ten- ternational understanding and co- side of the curtain would be re- is divided and his attention dis-
flowered in Baghdad in the se- dency towards a political system operation, Dr. Cheng referred to vealed as well. tracted. His was a strong faith
cond half of the Eighth Century, along the lines of oriental des- developments in each of the six and his task specific.
more than two centuries passed, potism. In Baghdad, founded by programme fields. AnimBI Forms and
d wu or ri ln dg ww ash ic fuh l lyt im oe c cuth pe ie d M ina s cle om n- A caI mM e an as su r it in w e7 re6 2, a t h re e inC ca al ri np ah t iob ne- EdI un c att ih oe n , fie hl ed ro ef c aF lleu dn ,d am Ue nn et sa cl o Geometric Patterns artI n suth ce c e1 e4 dt eh d a inn d re1 l5 et ah s iC nge ntu itr sie es lf,
quering the Mediterranean basin. of the Sassanian King of Kings. and China had jointly called a The history of painting is very from the narrow lines drawn JY
I tt o h ta ad k en ei mth ue cr h tim ine te rn eo sr t oc inc as ti ho en L gi ak re d eh ni sm , , hih se hh ua nd t inh gi ,s ha ar em s, u mh pis - R 19e 4g 7io )n , a bl rinC go inn gfe re tn oc ge e th( eS re pt ee xm peb re tr s, old in Persia but by no means t Nh ae to iolo ng ai la ns lita en rad t ud re ev elo wp ae sd r ra ep vi id vl ey d.
a"lw-aiswdao'iml", off rotmhe Awnhciciehn ts,I slaumlumic tuous palace, in which were piled from the entire Far East and de ia tis oy
n
to
f
rotr mac e t.
h e
A
S
ac so sn ati nn iu ao nu s
p
ert ir oa d- with genuine enthusiasm. The
the treasures and the arts of Pacific areas to discuss common epic Shah-Nameh of Firdousi was
orthodoxy at first tended rather Central Asia, the Indies and even problems and to develop techni- may be traced supported by sa- frequently illustrated with repro-
to recoil. China. ques and materials in mass educa- tisfactory evidence, the relics of sentations of Persian heroes. N1-
What them during these two Against this fabulous back- tion. China was also developing, which are to be found most abun- zami and Khadju Kermani be-
:c enturies was the fate of Greek ground, worthy of the Arabian in close co-operation with Unesco, dantly in 12th and 13th Centuries. came increasingly common sun-
The most striking manifestations
thought ? Who kept it alive ? The Nights, there moved a brilliant a"pilot project"to try out me- of this early art were animal jects of painting. The pair of
Syriac-speaking Christians of Court, where pleasant living was thods in bringing a basic mini- lovers, Khosro and Shirin, Leila
Mesopotamia. inconceivable without the pleas- mum of education and commun- forms and geometric patterns. and Majoun were favourite sub-
Herzfeld has traced to Sassanians
ures of the mind. Poets were wel- ity living to under-privileged jects with artists.
Singular Universities... comed there. It was there that peoples. many wall paintings of dancing
Christianity appeared very primitive Arab poetry, rude and (Continued on Page 8.) girls, huntresses and floral deco-
early in Mesopotamia. The point warlike, gave birth to Court poe- rations of various kinds. But usu- Strong Chinese Inl'ueMe
from which it first spread was try, flexible and playful,"tight The Chinese influence has been
the little kingdom of Osrohene, as the tracery of the Athambra".
great on Persian painting and
y whose capital Edessa (now Urfa) There, too, philosophic throught miniatures but it was not fO
became officially Christian at took wings, exploring problems
strong as to destroy the tradi-
the end of the Second Century. undreamt of by the first readers
tion, while on the other hand t
From this ancient centre of Se- of the Koran. And it was this
enriched the hands of master ar-
mitic culture, little affected by atmosphere of intellectual enqui-
tists like Behzad and to some
- Hellenization, from which it was ry that the works of Greek anti-
extent Reza and the art stin.. e-
protected by its language, Syriac, quity were translated from Syriac
akin to Aramaic and Hebrew, into Arabic. mained Persian in its nature.
Christianity spread through all The part played by Syriac- The decline came suddenly and
the lands watered by the Tigris speaking Christians, whom mem- since then Persian painting has
and Euphrates.
bers of Unesco will find at Bei- not yet risen to its past glory. Th< :,
On the Fifth Century theologi- rut represented by the Maroni : es decline was after Shah Abbas Saf-
cal disputes concerning the na-
of the Lebanon, in no way de- vid's reign.
ture of Christ gave rise to schism.
tracts from the importance of the
The Persian churches adopted In the 18th century, European
Arab world in transmitting the
the Nestorian belief (today repre- Greek heritage. Without it, the painting and engravings were slav-
ænted by about 1000, 00 faithful
vast labour accomplished by its ishly copied and the typical them ? s
dwelling around Lakes Van and teachers, the Syrians of Mesopo- worked by artists were voluptuous
Urmiah), while those of Upper women of indolent expression, the
tamia, would have rested a dead
Mesopotamia embraced the doo- letter, hidden in a tongue hardly An example of a Persian illustration taken from an ancient Persian artist attempting unsuccessfully
< (1) cr. the Arab Cultural Beritare ; known in the West before the manuscript Ule"Bidpaï'Fable"preserved at the Bibliothèque Nation- to combine a type of occidental
'Yol I, No. 3, April 148 16th Century Renaissance. ale in Paris. and oriental beauty.

8 UNESCO COURIER Volume I.-No. 6
Dr. CHENG
The Story of the
REPORTS
United Nations Radio (Continued from Page 7,)
In furthering the interchange
of persons across national fron-
United Nations Radio recording
tiers, China has sent more than
..-lr HIS tioniss tchael linUgn ittehde PNeao-- facilities, and prepare his mater- two thousand students abroad to
ples of the World." ial in advance. Recording studio more than ten countries for ad-
In practically every language facilities, production guidance, all
vanced studies during the past
under the sun this statement has are freely available, and there
two years. At the same time,
gone out over the air, and in the has been a tremendous output of
China has offered a number of
four corners of the world people information about the United Na-
have become aware of this new tions from this quarter since the scholarships-particularly to Uni-
voice speaking directly to them. United Nations entered into the ted States soldiers who fought in
China-to increase understanding
When. the United Nations organ- broadcasting field.
of the country. Six Unesco
ization took shape, it was made It is not enough to broadcast
c rale da ior th sa yst tei mt m su os t thh aa tv "we e its o tw hen short-wave : there must be some s ac llh oo cala tr es dh ip ts o Ca hr ine e se no cw an didb ae tein sg ,
guarantee that there are listeners, Dr. Cheng reported.
people"whose representatives not only short-wave listeners, but
signed the Charter could hear listeners who can hear UN broad- In the same way, the exchange
what our governments'spokesmen casts on their ordinary medium- of publications and literature be-
were doing when they met toge- wave receivers clearly and from tween China and other countries
ther. a familiar station. This fortuna- has been increasing, Dr. Cheng
With the co-operation of the tely HIPs been made frequently said. China has especially benefit-
U. S. State Department and the possible by the interested and From a broadcasting booth overlooking a U. N. Session at Lake Suc- ed from gifts of books from Eng-
International Service of the generous attitude of many of the cess, United RNaadtiioon s newsmen prepare on-the-spot analyses of land, the United States and
Canadian Broadcasting Corpora- national broadcasting organiza- proceedings. France,
tt hio en , Wan od rl d late Wr ideth e Bf ra oc ail dit cie as s tino gf htio an s s noa n dd o ulo bc t al b es eta nt io an ids e. dA n ad ls ot h bis y the largest audiences of any sin- Australians join with Americans ; In the field of museums and
libraries, China still stands to-
Foundation at Scituate, Massa- the excellence and objectivity of gle programme. and a variety of Latin-American
chusetts, the UN Radio Division United Nations news bulletins One of the most notable suc- nationalities combine, each ser- day in great need of small po-
was able to establish a series of and feature programmes that cesses of the UN Radio Division ving, respectively, the French, En- pular institutions easily accessible
transmissions beamed, respectiv- have been either transmitted has been in the U. S."medium- glish-language, and LatlI1-, Il1eri- to the general public. Though
ely, to Asia a. nd Australia, Eu- overseas by short-wave or, in wave"field with a daily quarter- can programme of the Division. there are great showplaces-dis-
rope, Latin-America, and to the some cases, recorded and sent out hour programme,"UNITED NA- And in addition, either on the playing the unrivalled cultural
Soviet Union. by airmail for relay. TIONS TODAY", made up of staff, or on a part-time basis, heritage of thousands of years-
From the very first, the United A special programme in 1947, selections of the recorded voices Arabs, Swedes, Danes, Norwe- China needs industrial and agri-
Nations Radio facilities have been celebrating the anniversary of the of delegates, dispatches, and in- gians, and an increasing galaxy cultural exhibits which are of
at the disposal of accredited radio signing of the UN Charter, was terviews from UN meetings over- of others maintain the output of practical use to the people.
tioco nr sr esp wo hn od , e sn pts e akia nn gd in of t heD ire le og wa n- r oe f co thrd ee d w oin rl d, th de i stm riba uin te dl an bg yu ag ae irs - s we ha ics h, a hn ad s t bh ee e n n re ew las y edh ea fod rl in ue ps, - s isp e ac ia bl ul sa yn , gu ina teg re e st tr ea dn ,s m pi is cs tuio rn es s. q uI et seP rioro ug sr e hs as n dh ia cs a pb se e on f m fina ad ne c, ea ,g a win as r-t
languages, have been able to mail, and relayed over national wards of a year throughout the group of people, proving by the time dislocation and shortage of
present their own un-censored and local stations. Another im- United States at a good evening very job they are doing how possi- equipment, in developing audio-
reports to listeners in their own portant programme, prepared on listening time. ble international cooperation can visual aids for education. Film-
lands ; and many hundreds of the eve of the General Assembly As a complement to this daily be on the human, personal level.
correspondents and Delegates held at Flushing Meadows in the quarter-hour, a new half-hour
have availed themselves of this autumn of 1947, and prophetically weekly summary, in'magazine Thousands of Listeners
opportunity during the various and perhaps grimly titled"THE style, was developed for, and re-
important meetings that have TIME IS NOW"was broadcast layed from coast to coast by, the Although much remains to be
been held since. on gtl UN transmitters and widely Canadian Broadcasting Corpora- done in order to provide the
An accredited'radio corres- relayed. tion. Entitled"MEMO FROM United Nations, and through it
pondent or delegate is able not It was estimated that, at the LAKE SUCCESS", this UN pro- all the Specialized Agencies, with
only to speak over a UN micro- time, probably over 200 million gramme both carries the voices a radio broadcasting system that
of UN Delegates in important de- will keep them in direct touch
phone to his own people, but he people may have heard this pro-
can also avail himself of the gramme, and that it had one of bates, and dramatizes episodes in with the individual citizens of the
UN work generally. This show is world, and although it would be
fed, thanks to the Canadian unwise to over-estimate what has
Broadcasting Corporation's Inter- been accomplished, it is nonethe-
national Service, to New Zealand less encouraging to see the extent
and-along with the daily pro- to which the UN has been success-
gramme-provides the New Zea- ful in the field of radio on sound,
land Broadcasting Service with practical lines.
much useful raw material for a.
Its programmes are widely
weekly programme prepared there
on United Nations. heard, are widely relayed, are strips, moving and still pictures,
widely followed. The proceedings, phonOgTraphsa nd radios are being
Feature Programmes which are by no means always used in schools on a gradually in-
entertaining, are nevertheless creasing scale.
The output of the United Na- followed by thousands of people Last year, for example, the
tions has covered practically in different parts of the world ; Ministry of Education-distributed
every important form of talks and in some circumstances it has some 2,0 00 radio sets throughout
been possible for people in the
broadcasting. There are regular the country where they were most
news bulletins, there are talk and countries most directly concerned needed.
interview periods, and there are to hear as quickly as the audience
China is making a great effort
dramatized feature programmes, in the Council chamber itself the
to promote teaching about the
combinations of all three. The decision taken in respect to them-
United Nations and its Specialized
subject matter has usually inclu- selves.
ded current UN developments. Thus, during the various deli- Agencies in schools, but to date
using the term in the broadest berations on Palestine, the argu- there are no definite courses.
sense and including regular refer- ments and voting in the General In the field of international un-
ences to, and broadcasts about, Assembly and subsequently in the derstanding, the problem in Chi-
na is not as great as in some
the Specialized Agencies, UNES- Security Council have been heard
CO itself in particular, but also in Palestine directly, and the in- other parts of the world. For as
FAO, WHO, IRO, and the others, terest in these broadcasts has of long as fifty years ago, textbooks
according to their activities at course been intense. Daily the had been largely rid of racialist
the time. letters come in to the Radio Divi- and nationalist expressions. Uni-
Mrs. Eleanor Roosevelt and France's René Cassin broadcast their To carry through with the sion at Lake Success, and daily versal love, rather than aggres-
impressions of a U. N. conference they have attended. plans, the Radio Division staff the interest of the individual sion and hate, has always been
has included a team of twenty listener, and the appreciation of the strongly predominant aspect
or more nationalities, all of them the various broadcasting organ- of Chinese education-dating back
Editors Form Unesco Helps Schools experienced broadcasters. The izations is made clear. to the time of Confucius who was
Director, for instance, is a Cm.- "The United Nations calling the perhaps the first to teach true
World Body In war-torn Lands nadian ; the assistant director a peoples of the World"is not a internationalism.
Chilean. A Mexican and an In- voice crying in the wilderness. It The Chinese press is co-operat-
The International Federation Further shipments of technical dian share shifts on the Radio is heard from loudspeakers on ing very well in helping acquaint
and educational equipment to
of Newspaper Publishers and News Desk. Russians and Chinese village housetops and in the the people with the work of Unes-
Editors was formally constituted war-hurt regions have been made man the Sections broadcasting in homes. Slowly but surely it is be- co and the other United Nations
at Unesco House on June 24 at a by Unesco. These supplies, in- those languages. Belgians join coming a living force. Informa- branches. All of the doings of the
tended as practical assistance to
meeting attended by representa- with Frenchmen ; Englishmen, tion, facts and fair reporting are National Commission are always
the efforts at reconstruction,
tives of press associations of 12 were purchased from Unesco South Africans, Canadians, and gaining their hold. fully reported, as is all the news
countries. sent from the Paris headquarters.
Members present included pro- funds set aside for the purpose. Dr. Cheng declared that the
Included are : 394 radios, 268
minent news personalities from Unesco Field Science Co-opera-
France, the Netherlands, Switzer- gramophones, 37 typewriters, 40 SUBSCRIPTION RATES tion Office in Nanking was fun-
l ba on ud r. g ,t he SU wn eit de ed n ,K in Ng od ro wm a, y , Lux De em n- - e a ap n lli dd i oa f6s 7c w3o h p s ie ces ht, s 8 wo0 ef rs eao ru t bin s od t us gp hr tso uje ip nc p t lo i te hr ss e, FreT nh ce h UN aE ndS CO S paC nO isU hR IE bR y ti hs e p u Pbl uis bh lie cd Inm foo rn mth al ty io n Sin e cE tin og nlish, Stio hn ai nn gg h aw i.ell, with a sub-office in
mark, Italy. Egypt, Belgium. The of Unesco.
United States. The countries re- In general, Dr. Cheng said, the
United States was represented by 6-month subscription : 2 s. 6 d. or $0.5 0 or Fr. frs. 100.
two observers. ceiving the allocations were Chi- Please write to the Unesco agent indicated below for National Commission in China is
na, Poland, Greece, Czechoslova- doing its best to match the spirit
your country, or directly to Unesco House, 19 Avenue
kia, the Philippines, Italy, Hun- of Unesco and to carry out all the
Kléber, Paris-16e, France.
gary and Austria. essential measures in the Unesco
US Unesco Commission Additional materials, including A Ar ug se trn ati ln iaa : : HE . d Ait .o Gria ol d S dau rd da L m tde . r 2ic 5a 5n aaS .G .A e. o. rA gel Ss i tn ..a S5 y0 d0 n. eB yu .enos-AirM. programme. His visit to Paris
books on education, literature and Canada: The RyersonP ress,2 99 QueenS t. West, Toronto. would ensure a continuing and in-
To Meet in Boston
The Fifth Meeting of the
sth ce
o
rea srt ,s ,
m
a ur st icr ae
l
pr io nd su trc ut mion e,
n
ts,m u msi ic
-
DCC ezu
e
nb
c
ma:
h
aL
o
ra
s k: l
C
o
Ea
v
is
a
na
k: a
B
i raL
e
M
il bg ura ra. kR
ir
s.
i g
ed
aF
e
a
S
rT
dm
o .6
pe Nid ct
ö.
O
1
rr1'R
e N
ie tt
a
aU
r
doy e. dH
C.
na oib
p,P
a ern naa hg.
au ge e. n.
'qcureaartseirnsg liaanisdo nth eb eftiweelde nw thheer eh etahde-
United States National Commis- crofilm strips and microfilm Great Britain : H.M . Stationery Office: London: York House.K ings- real effect of Unesco's world must
sion will be held in Boston. projectors, are being purchased or way IRetail Counter Service) ; P.O . Box 569. London. S.E .I . (Post be felt.
orders !.-Manchester 2: 39/41 King Street,-Edinburgh 2 : 13a
Mass., September 27-29. Much of awaiting shipment to the coun- Castle Street.-Cardiff : 1 St Andrew's Crescent.-Bristol 1 :
the meeting will be devoted to tries named. Tower Lane.-Belfast : 80 Chichester Street Editorial Offices: Unesco,1 9. Avenue
reports of the operations in the The epidiascopes, which project Franee: Editions A. Pedone.1 3 Rue Soufflot. Paris. 5e. KIeber. Paris (16eel.
United States during the pre- images of solid objects as well as G Inr de iae : c e O: xE fl oe rf dt h Be or oo ku ad na dk i SsL t.i a b tir oa nir ei re y i n Ct oe .r . n Sa ct inio dn iaa Hle oA. ut sh ee .n N s e. w Delphi. E Dd iri eto cr t: o S r: .M H. . K KO AF PF LL AE NR ..
ceeding twelve months and to coloured pictures, will be used to ;I raq Mackenziea nd MackenzieB. ooksellersT. he Bookshop.B aghdad.
the National Commission's plans reproduce pages of books, illus- Lebanona ndS yria: Librairieu nlverselleA. T. FouadI er, Beirut.
for extending its work during the trations and maps in overcrowded Low Countries: N.V . Martinus Nijhoff. Afd.. Fondsamimstratie All Reproductions Authorized
9 LangeV oorhoutT. he Hague'
forthcoming year within the schools lacking visual aids. Ar- Swede:n Ab. 0. E. Fritzes. Fredsgatan2 . Stockholm. IMPRIMERIE
framework of Unesco's pro- tists'supplies consist of oil and Switzerland: Librairie Payot, Lausanne. DU NEW YORK HERALD TRIBUNB
gramme. water colours and canvas panels. 21. Rue de Berrl. Parla Be